# Manifesto 

- This respository will serve as my continuous improvement (Goal) tracker. It will help me maintain personal accountability for professional development goals that I want to accomplish within the near future. It will also serve as a journal of sorts; giving me the ability to see where I started and to visualize how far I have came

- One issue I have noticed as I started to use GITHUB was the fact that I wanted to do everything, and in essence I ended up doing nothing at all. Meaning I bounced from project to project thinking that I was making progress towards something, but in reality I had no destination. After reflecting upon this I have decided that this time I will ensure that I set clear and definable goals for projects that ultimately converge together towards the end to one ultimate destination. 


# Jorunal Entry 

- First I need to give this repository structure:
    
    - I should start with creating folders for the following:

        - Journal Entries
        - Goals

    - This is a basic setup but it will deliver as the most viable product needed to get this project off the gorund. At the end of the day that is why this repositiory is named "continuous-improvment". Which I believe is the single purpose for all of human existence. 

- Now im am starting to work on creating the goals folder. The plan is to start with the top level showcasing what I am currently working on accomplishing for the quarter, ustilizing the readme file for the directory, then as the user travels deeper into the subdirectories they are able to walk through this continous development journey as if they were traveling with my perspective. 

- Chatgpt 5 started me off with a good bases, as I gain more experience and identify what I like and what I dont like, I will make adustements to our current repository structure. 